h1. Drag-Drop Sortable for ActiveScaffold

Currently, this plugin is compatible with rails 3.x and master branches of vhochstein/ActiveScaffold.

h2. Overview

This plugin enables those slicker-than-snot ajax drag-drop sortable elements on your active-scaffold page, with so little configuration you almost get it for free.

h2. Installation

You'll need at least vhochstein/ActiveScaffold to use this, and rails 3.x


<pre>
script/plugin install clone git://github.com/vhochstein/active_scaffold_sortable.git
</pre>

h2. Usage

h4. Step 1

Create a model with a column named 'position':

<pre>
# app/models/entry.rb

# id           integer
# title        string(255)
# birthday     date
# position     integer

class Entry < ActiveRecord::Base
end
</pre>

h4. Step 2

Create your scaffold controller 

<pre>
# app/controllers/entries_controller.rb

class EntryController < ApplicationController
  active_scaffold :entries do |config|
    config.actions << :sortable
    config.sortable.column = :position
  end
end
</pre>


h4. Step 3

Create your layout

<pre>
# app/views/layouts/application.rhtml
<html>
<head>
  <title>active scaffold demo application</title>
  <%= javascript_include_tag :defaults %>
  <%= active_scaffold_includes %>
</head>
<body>
  <%= yield %>
</body>
</html>
</pre>

h2. Notice:

If you are using acts_as_list plugin you can skip the step 3

h2. Support

If you have issues installing the plugin, search / post to the "Active Scaffold":http://groups.google.com/group/activescaffold forum or "Create an issue":http://github.com/vhochstein/active_scaffold_sortable/issues

h2. Contributing

Fork, hack, push, and request a pull:

http://github.com/vhochstein/active_scaffold_sortable/

h2. License

Released under the MIT license (included).

h2. Author

Contact me:
<pre>
  Tim Harper - irb(main):001:0> ( 'tim_see_harperATgmail._see_om'.gsub('_see_', 'c').gsub('AT', '@') )
  Sergio Cambra - irb(main):001:0> ( 'sergioATentrecables._see_om'.gsub('_see_', 'c').gsub('AT', '@') )
</pre>
